OC v. 3.0.1.1, 3.0.1.2, 3.0.2.0, 3.0.3.0, 3.0.3.1, 3.0.3.2, 3.0.3.3, 3.0.3.5, 3.0.3.6, 2.0.1.1, 2.0.2.0, 2.0.3.1, 2.1.0.1, 2.1.0.2, 2.2.0.0, 2.3.0.0, 2.3.0.1, 2.3.0.2

### Presentation

This modification was developed in the OCMOD format, and has the objective of enabling in OpenCart administration functionalities to create, edit and manage XML files in the OCMOD format, in addition to having useful resources that are used in routine activities during the implementation and adjustment process. store.

** The following features will be added in the Extensions → Modifications menu: **

- Create XML files in OCMOD format.
- Edit XML files in OCMOD format.
- Clear the cache of data generated by the store.
- Clear the cache of images generated by the store.
- Clear the twig / sass cache generated by the store.
- Download any XML file in OCMOD format.
- Validate the completion of the necessary XML tags in OCMOD format.
- Validate all XML files in OCMOD format and generate friendly error log.
- View a list of all files that have been modified by OCMOD.
- Compare differences between the original file and the modified file using the editor.

### Installation

 1. Access the link: https://www.opencart.com/index.php?route=marketplace/extension/info&extension_id=22015.
 2. Locate the extension compatible with your version of OpenCart, and download the file "ocmod-editor.ocmod.zip".
 3. In the store administration, access the menu ** Extensions → Installer ** (Extensions → Installer), click the button ** Upload ** and select the file 'ocmod-editor.ocmod.zip', and wait for the installation to complete automatic.
 4. After installation, access the menu ** Extensions → Modifications ** (Extensions → Modifications) and click twice on the ** Update ** button (Refresh), so that the installed modification is added in the store, remembering that it is not the "** Update **" button on the browser, but the "** Update **" button in blue color next to the orange and red button on the OpenCart screen.
 5. In OpenCart 3, go to the main page of the store administration control panel, under the "** Exit **" button, you will see a blue button with the design of a white gear inside it, click this button , and in the popup that will open, click on the two orange buttons inside the "** Action **" column to update the theme cache.

### Uninstallation

To uninstall the modification, in the store administration, go to the menu ** Extensions → Modifications ** (Extensions → Modifications), locate and select the modification with the name '** OCMOD Editor for OpenCart **', then click the button * * Delete ** (Delete), then the 2x button ** Update ** (Refresh).

### Update

Access the store administration and perform the Uninstall procedure, then perform the Installation procedure.

### Doubts

OCMOD (OpenCart Modification) is native to OpenCart, that is, it is not necessary to install any add-on in OpenCart to use modifications or extensions in the OCMOD format, for more information about OCMOD, follow the link for more information:

https://github.com/opencart/opencart/wiki/Modification-System

[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/licença-GPLv3-blue.svg
[LICENSE]: ./LICENSE
